Are you tired of long commutes just to sit in a cubicle? Love working with clients but hate constant travel? Join our team! At IncWorx, we strive to be radically different. We foster a culture of growth, inspiration, and innovation by closely following our core principles of integrity, trust, and respect. We are a fully remote, US based team who deliver “Raving Fans” level service to our clients and our teammates without the need to travel. We foster a “non-corporate” culture and encourage an entrepreneurial spirit that drives us to be excited about innovation and constantly looking for ways to improve.

Required Core Skills

C#/.NET Core/.NET Framework/ASP.NET
SQL Server

At Least Some of The Following

Azure SQL, Azure Logic Apps, Azure DevOps
.NET Web Services, WCF, Web API
Node.js, React, jQuery, Angular
Office 365/SharePoint (2010/2013/2016/2019)
SharePoint Framework (SPFx), Web Parts, Application Pages, Event Receivers, Apps/Add-ins
Microsoft PowerApps/Flow/Power Automate/Teams
Power BI, SSRS, SSIS
PowerShell
Nintex Workflow, Nintex Forms
An effective  member of our team  will have the technical skills listed above, but more importantly, he/she must be a true team player and must have a track record of successfully working with clients. Flexibility and creativity are key attributes of a successful team member.

We work as a tight-knit team across the organization which leaves no room for ego or the lone cowboy. Our success comes from the ability to work together and leverage everyone’s strengths! We support one another even if it might be inconvenient and difficult because it is the right thing to do!

Would the following describe you?

A FANTASTIC ATTITUDE
Solution Nerd
Unusually energetic and creative thinker
The success of the team excites you more than your personal success?
Use the word “We” instead of “I”
Team Player
Outside the box
Gets stuff DONE!
Doesn’t allow “bright and shiny” to distract them
Sets a goal then takes action to conquer it!
Multi-tasks so well that plate spinner look on with awe
Extremely organized and detail-oriented
Gets upset when excuses are given
Is always learning, growing, and being stretched
Desires to be a part of something larger than themselves
Analytical problem solver
As a key full-time member of our consulting team, your primary responsibilities will be to work with our team and clients on new development projects as well as migration and solution rewrites. This is a diverse role requiring both new projects and ongoing client support. There is an element of training and education as well since our services act as an extension of clients internal and support staff.

Strategic and business analyst related activities are also a big part of this role as we are not only our partner’s technical advisor but also focused on the business side as well. The right attitude and culture fit is more important than checking off every technical skill on the list. We are looking for the right person, not the right skill set.

If this describes you, apply now at www.incworx.com/careers
